---
layout: post
title:  "The Plan"
date:   2014-09-14 18:30:24
categories: haha
---

I've figured out how to do it.  Suicide is always considered "selfish" or at the very least a thoughtless act towards the partaker's loved ones.  The solution is simple.

***The Wedge***

Drive away everyone who loves you with despair and hopelessness so thoroughly that nobody even cares anymore. This may have to be done very explicitly, as some people are just too loyal and/or stubborn to abandon hope for you. Make sure they know it's worth it. Verbal abuse is often a sure way to drive this wedge into your relationships so you can rest in peace knowing that nobody gives a shit whether you're alive or not. If you love your loved ones, you should love them enough to sever their
love for you so as to not hurt them with your decision.

***Going the Distance***

Distance makes the heart grow yonder. The more physical distance you have between yourself and your loved ones, the less likely they'll even hear of your most timely demise. With any luck you'll be that person at your 10 or 20 year high school reunion that nobody knows what happened to. Bonus points if your body is never discovered; you can literally disappear, never to be seen or heard from again. 

***Time Keeps on Slipping***

Time is of the essense. Disappear with no contact for a few months, or even years if necessary. Some friends and family may be persistent in their effort to reach and console you. Do not fall into that trap and let sweet death slip from your grasp, you have to make sure that they have no idea when or where you may be at any given moment. Do not allow them that shred of hope that you can be saved by being predictable. If you seek death strongly enough, you will time it correctly.

***Thoughts to Action***

If you want to be as low key as possible, avoid suicide methods that are loud, messy, smelly, or high profile.

Jumping off a bridge is more likely to land you in prison (as suicide is illegal most everywhere) than swallowing a few handfuls of random pills mixed with paint thinner and tomato juice. If done surreptiously enough though (see below) your chances of being found are very low. A heavily trafficked bridge during the middle of the day is a pussy ass cry for help though, and you should be ashamed if that even crossed your mind, you attention whore. 

Gunshots are loud, leave blood and brains everywhere (if you did it right), and lead to those damn statistics about how most gun violence is against the self. Plus there's the hassle of acquiring one and getting ammunition and all the papertrails that leaves. The key is for no one to even realize you killed yourself, or then people will get all upset about it. We can't have that tripe. If you're more concerned with your own pain and suffering than that of your loved ones though, this is definitely the method to go for.

Drowning is painful and scary, but if you truly wish to not be found, it is probably the best way. Wrap yourself in chain link fence (have a friend help if necessary. or hire a homeless person, since you faithfully severed your ties with all your loved ones in step one, right?) and then dip your feet in concrete. Hopefully you still have enough strength to take a long walk off of a pier late at night, and your local sealife is hungry enough to kindly dispose of your remains in short notice. 

Poisoning is hit or miss, and if you fail you'll definitely be a pussy ass "cry for help". So if you opt for this route, go for the gold. Go into your nearest local pharmacy, sneakily coopt every pill you can get your hands on, and then go home and take them all at once, preferably with a side of rat poison and a glass of yuor finest bleach. It's more important to be thorough than clean with this method; if you puke everything up you're a cry for help. Make sure you still have enough in your system to shut down your liver and/or kidneys. To be safe, you might want to make two or even three trips to the pharmacy, and save your spoils each round for one massive marathon. In case you puke up your sweet silence, you can just down some more. This may not be recommended if you're already on a lot of prescriptions, as that will be the first thing people check for if they suspect anything.

There are many more methods to kill yourself that I could suggest, but you're probably not brave enough to attempt the more original ones, so I'll save those for another post.


